Update 2021-01-05-Jamulus-Sound-Devices.md (#1055)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: _posts/2021-01-05-Jamulus-Sound-Devices.md

**[Roland TD-27](https://www.roland.com/uk/products/td-27/)** USB drum sound module 

**Windows**: ✅ Works. The local master signal is always routed to the Headphones. Using JACK is neccessary to change the signal-routing so that you hear your signal on the headphones - not the local signal of the drum module:
Configuration Changes: On the TD27 open: SYSTEM -> USB-AUDIO: Driver Mode VENDOR
                                         SYSTEM -> OUTPUT -> PAD MAS: remove any pad signal from MASTER(L+R);
                                                             PAD DIR: add desired(all) pad signals to DIRECT(1/2)
                                                             OTHER MAS: remove any signal and add just USB-IN to MASTER(L/R)
In Jamulus set Audio-Device: TD27, Input Channel: Direct(1/2), output Channel: Main(1/2).

> Now the Jamulus signal will be sent to the master output jack of the TD27. (You probably need a headphone amplifier to connect you headphones to the master output jack) 

Reviewer: "connect your headphones" not "connect you headphones":
```
Now the Jamulus signal will be sent to the master output jack of the TD27. (You probably need a headphone amplifier to connect your headphones to the master output jack)
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamuluswebsite/commit/0628e874b1415d9a3341eb8d6212920636ab053a

**[Roland TD-27](https://www.roland.com/uk/products/td-27/)** USB drum sound module 

> **Windows**: ✅ Works. Because the local master signal is always routed to the HeadphoneJack it's neccessary to change the signal-routing to hear your jamulus signal on the headphones and not the local signal of the drum modul. (Explanation: Search for "The Golden Rule" in the jamulus documentation):

Reviewer 2: Even though we don't do in depth reviews,

```suggestion
**Windows**: ✅ Works. The local master signal is always routed to the Headphones. Using JACK is neccessary to change the signal-routing so that you hear your signal on the headphones - not the local signal of the drum module:
```

Configuration Changes: On the TD27 open: SYSTEM -> USB-AUDIO: Driver Mode VENDOR
                                         SYSTEM -> OUTPUT -> PAD MAS: remove any pad signal from MASTER(L+R);
                                                             PAD DIR: add desired(all) pad signals to DIRECT(1/2)
                                                             OTHER MAS: remove any signal and add just USB-IN to MASTER(L/R)

>                        In Jamulus set Audio-Device: TD27, Input Channel: Direct(1/2), output Channel: Main(1/2).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Jamulus set Audio-Device: TD27, Input Channel: Direct(1/2), output Channel: Main(1/2).
```

etc. I'm not sure about the formatting.

> Now the Jamulus signal will be send to the master output jack of the TD27. (You probably need a headphone amplifier to connect you headphones to the master output jack) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now the Jamulus signal will be sent to the master output jack of the TD27. (You probably need a headphone amplifier to connect you headphones to the master output jack) 
```
